>> Steve Kinney: So
firing up authentication in
Firebase is suspiciously easy.
We've got this Authentication
tab over here, and
we can go ahead and
pick Set up a sign-in method.
And you have a bunch of options here.
You have email and password,
you have phone, Google, Google Play Store,
Facebook, Twitter, GitHub.
The Facebook, Twitter, and
GitHub ones you need API keys for
Facebook, Twitter, or GitHub, seems legit.
The Google one you don't because you
are in Firebase which is on the Google.
Email and password, you don't as well.
I'm gonna start with Google one since
I can assume that if we can log in
the Firebase console, we have a Google
account, cuz that feels like a safe bet.
So who here has ever tried to implement
oauth either using passport on Rails,
using what is a device.
How much fun was that?
>> Speaker 2: Not very.
>> Steve Kinney: Not very much fun,
no, it wasn't fun.
You wanna see what's gonna make you
both happy and sad at the same time?
I'm about to implement oauth.
You ready?
Enable > Save.
I gotta put my email address in.
>> Steve Kinney: Save.
I have oauth set up.
>> Steve Kinney: If I wanna do email and
password as well, I go here,
I hit the little, just hit this
Enable right here, and I'll save it.
And I've got email and password
authentication set up as well, in place.
Cool, so these are both there.
Now, we'll probably wanna
keep track of the user.
We're gonna find some fun stuff out
together, as we figure out if that rate
limit for the real time database
also is counting right now as well.
If not, I'll just make a new API key and
I will keep it to myself.